DOC-3930: Added new section about hot-cold deployment to CE (#606)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.9/enterprise/node/deploy/hot-cold-deployment.md

The `p2pAddress` should point to the primary node’s machine address and `additionalP2PAddresses` should add the back-up node’s machine address.

{{< /note >}}

## Hot-cold high-availability on Kubernetes clusters

> If you have shared infrastructure where all the containers are deployed on Kubernetes cluster, you shouldn't deploy hot-cold - it is needlessly complicated and not necessary. Instead, deploy a stateful pod where Kubernetes is ensuring that one node is always running. To avoid accidentally running nodes at the same time if Kubernetes briefly has two pods active, use the [Mutual Exclusion mechanism](#mutual-exclusion). Also, you must mount the `artemis journal` folder as it holds state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have shared infrastructure where all the containers are deployed on a Kubernetes cluster, you should not deploy hot-cold. It is simpler to deploy a stateful pod, where Kubernetes is ensuring that one node is always running. If Kubernetes briefly has two pods active, use the [Mutual Exclusion mechanism](#mutual-exclusion) To avoid accidentally running nodes at the same time. Also, you must mount the `artemis journal` folder as it holds state.
```
